org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileProgressResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileProgressResult
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpResponse.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpResponse
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$30
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
com/silkimen/http/KeyChainKeyManager.java
 com.silkimen.http.KeyChainKeyManager
com/silkimen/http/TLSConfiguration.java
 com.silkimen.http.TLSConfiguration
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaObservableCallbackContext.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaObservableCallbackContext
io/github/pwlin/cordova/plugins/fileopener2/FileProvider.java
 io.github.pwlin.cordova.plugins.fileopener2.FileProvider
io/github/pwlin/cordova/plugins/fileopener2/FileOpener2.java
 io.github.pwlin.cordova.plugins.fileopener2.FileOpener2
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileUploadResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileUploadResult
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpOperation.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpOperation
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
com/silkimen/http/HttpRequest.java
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$1
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$2
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$3
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$4
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$5
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$6
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$7
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$8
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$Base64
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$CloseOperation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory$1
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$FlushOperation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$HttpRequestException
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$Operation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$RequestOutputStream
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress$1
com/silkimen/http/TLSSocketFactory.java
 com.silkimen.http.TLSSocketFactory
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaClientAuth.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaClientAuth
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
com/silkimen/http/HttpBodyDecoder.java
 com.silkimen.http.HttpBodyDecoder
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpPlugin.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpPlugin
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpDownload.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpDownload
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpBase.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpBase
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpUpload.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpUpload
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
com/silkimen/http/JsonUtils.java
 com.silkimen.http.JsonUtils
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
capacitor/android/plugins/BuildConfig.java
 capacitor.android.plugins.BuildConfig
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileTransfer.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$1
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$2
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$3
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$ExposedGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$RequestContext
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$SimpleTrackingInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingInputStream
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaServerTrust.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust$1
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust$2
